Question:	Which .NET data types are value types? Which types are reference types?
Answer:		value types are: 
			Primitive types (byte, sbyte, short, ushort, int, uint, long, ulong, double, float, bool, char), 
			Structures, Enumerations and 

Question:	How do value and reference types differ when assigned to a variable? 
Answer:		Value types are copied to another location in the stack. 
			Reference type's pointer address is copied into the stack and still points to the same data inside the heap.

Question:	How do value and reference types behave when passed as argument to a method?
Answer:		When passed as argument, value types cannot be changed directly from inside the function.
			Reference types will be changed inside the function body because the pointer address is passed as argument.

Question:	Where in memory are value types allocated? Where are reference types allocated?
Answer:		Value types are allocated in the stack, 
			reference types are allocated in the heap (reference pointer to the heap address is allocated in the stack)

Question:	What is data mutation? Can value types be mutated? Can reference types be mutated?
Answer:		Primitive value types are immutable and can only be copied to another address in the stack. 
			Reference types can be muteted.

Question:	What is the difference between mutating and setting (assigning) a variable? Give examples.
Answer:		Mutating means changing a value of the object that mutates. Setting, means to create a new address in the heap.
			Example: Mutating:
			Student st = new Student();
			st.Name = 5 // mutation
			st = new Student(); // setting

Question:	What are the out and ref keywords used for? In what do they differ?
Answer:		ref and out are both passed by stack address for both value types and reference types
			ref tells the compiler that the object is initialized before entering the function, 
			while out tells the compiler that the object will be initialized inside the function.
			So while ref is two-ways, out is out-only.